what's good you to 22 while checking in
get my a sick review for you guys a day
please please please make sure you go
check out my website at Soul fence calm
link will be in the description below
make sure you follow me on IG at 22 a
while and just stay tuned man I got a
good way from you soon so it's going
into the video basic on flight perfect
alright you too so I have the asic gel
light 5s here the off-white blue and
purple
on this pair here I have the 3m laces
that I have purchased off eBay the round
laces and right here I have the flat
places that came in for shoes so I'll
let you guys look at it you know
basically this is just too much - death
to me so I had to go with these gave it
a little bit more funk into it boosted
them up so you know let me know what you
guys think really good decision
um look into the shoe the shoe the
material on the shoe is a1 steak sauce
you got a you got like a suede material
going through all throughout the shoe
right here and you got this leather
right here and it all the rest of it is
really meshed the shoe of the inner line
is like a sock it's like a sock is in
there you can actually you know see the
separation of the shoe and the inner
sock this is a size 9 it fits like a
almost 8 and a half so I want to suggest
to go up a size like I used to wear
eight and a half nine I'm having it
eight and a half without that a problem
I will get at nine and a half on all
future of people future purchases so you
know that's just letting you know these
shoes are from Japan the Japanese shoe
this shoe this shoes a classic like my
older brothers starting told me up how
much feel I think oh hey six nice weird
amount of time
said he's still wearing it middle school
at a high school you know a sea
half a minute likelihood to sleep on him
and don't pay my mind cuz another Jordan
tonight here's the back of the shoe you
have a cig right here and boarded up
sticks then stitched in purple and then
got a suede right here and suede right
here artisan suede and got the mesh 3m
right here in the back this really nice
shoe this quality is really good
here's a fuck you check out the places
lazy fucking places these are three any
like cities are just flat regular Tom
very very clean she picked them all for
a hundred bucks so you know he always
got to spend the most money in the world
to get a good shoe the midsole has like
a blues and bloom it so like a speck you
know a spectral on it buddy zooming on
that with a purple speckle going around
right here to the back to the side you
got the regular miss so one thing I
notice about these shoes though is that
they do wrinkle right here very fast
I've worn on one time and I just warm
you know put them on they were wrinkling
so you know with their running shoes
they're meant to be broken in you're not
enough to make me stiff shit you know so
it's what you expect um like this so you
got this real quick here is the insult
of the shoe
see there in Seoul pretty basic regular
arm white blue white not really special
very clean human very very clean shoe I
like I like blue I like purple purple is
royalty really really clean um I gotta
say I caught these on eBay for 100 bucks
so if you want to get you a pair just
look on ebay they're not hard to find
let go hanging into that off foot review
for you guys we'll end it there
oh yeah by the by the way um I'm gonna
keep one lace in and this one the same
so you can get a different view of both
but once I'm done I'll put knees in both
of y'all so you know I switch off seat
both points of view
all right thanks so much for tuning in
checking out the on foot in the review
of the ASIC off white purple this is
definitely something different for me
and some other avenue to explore and the
whole sneaker thing so it's whole
sneaker collection community whatever
you want to call it
I just love buying kicks misses me um
but shout out to my boy Rob dollars shoe
junk - hey Casey Hackett garlic pickles
DB town boy Darcy's ax the TL Rick's
Jersey deep shit style files fuckin John
John reviews ratchet review Redford the
Gotti
SOG rap monster
majors closet it's a lot of y'all out
there man shot everybody who put in the
work he was doing a thing and I salute
CL and see you I'm looking at here I'm
subscribed so arm just keeps keeping
keep it up keep your hustle going and
I'm keep mind everyone have a good 2014
and I see on the next video peace
you